What is Angular?
	Angular is a javascript framework which allows you to create reactive single page applications.
==
What is SPA?
	SPA is basically a web application where all functionalities are framed on a single page.
	SPA has only one HTML file and bunch of  html templates, javascript and CSS files.
	In SPA, all the html templates, css and java script files are rendered on the same page dynamically.
	User can navigate different sections of the page by clicking on links or buttons without navigating to different pages.
	IT looks like as a mobile application, they give better user experience.
==
What is the difference between angular and angularjs?
	Architecture
		AngularJS uses MVC or Model-View-Controller architecture
			Model contains the business logic.
			Controller gets the data from Model, it process the data and exposes data to view.
			View shows data to the users.
		Angular replaces controllers with components.
		Components are nothing but directives with a predefined template.					
	Language
		AngularJS uses JavaScript language, which is a dynamically typed language.
		Angular uses TypeScript language, which is a statically typed language and is a superset of JavaScript.
	Mobile Support
		AngularJS does not provide mobile support.
		Angular is supported by all popular mobile browsers.
	Version
	Angularjs was introduced in 2010. it written in javascript, It is also called as Angular1
	Angular framework was introduced in 2016, it uses typescript as programming language.
	It is completly rewritten framework, it is not related with angularjs. we are calling it as Angular2.
		Angular2
		Angular3 xx
		Angular4
		...
		...
		Angular11
		Angular12
==
What is the difference between javascript and typescript?
	typescript superset of JavaScript
	javascript runs in the broswer directly, compilation phase is not required.
	typescript won't run in the broser directly, it requires compilation phase.
	the compiler will takes ts file as input and generates the js file as output.
	Angular uses the Ahead-of-time (AOT) compiler.
==
How to install angular?
	Install nodejs
		set nodeJs Path
	Install npm
	Install typescript
		npm install -g typescript
	Install angular
		npm install -g @angular/cli
--
How to check the angular version?
	ng -v
How to create an angular project?
	ng new  hrmsapp
What is routing in angular?
	Routing basically means navigating between pages.
--
What is difference between css scss?
//TODO ask Harika mam
How to build a angular project?
	>ng build
How to run a angular project?
	>ng serve
What is package.json file contains?
	What are the libraries that we are using into our angular project those are registred into package.son with version information.
	package.json contains libraries versioning information but not libraries.
What is difference between build and serve? 
	ng build will just build the apps where ng serve will build the apps and it will serve them.
How to install bootstrap into angular?
In how many ways we can add bootsrap to angular project?
 3 ways
--
How an angular app gets started and loaded?	
rxjs, http client, jscallback, tscallback,