What is SDLC?(Software Develop Life Cycle)
	It describes how to develop an application based on client requirement within the time and cost.
	It is a step by step execution process.
What are the phases in SDLC?
	Requirements collection
	Requirement Analysis
	Design
	Coding
	Testing
	Release & Maintainence
What is BRS(Business Requirement Specification)?
	The BA(Business Analysts) collects requirements from the client and will make these requirements into documents called BRS.
What does BRS describes?
	It describes the main purpose of application, how many users and what are the required services for the users.
What is feasibility study and what are the factors in it?
	They will check budget or cost
	Time is also an important factors
	They will check whether the requirements will satisfy the customers requirements.
What is FRS(Functinality Requirement Specification)?
	In every application there will be some functinalities, each and every functinalities are individual component  details available in FRS.
What are the types of designing?
	gui-It is the blue print of the applicatin
	db(database)
	app-
		In applicatin there are two types: High level designing 
											Low level designing- it is about internal logic
What is modularization?
	A large project will be divided into multiple modules for easy development called modularization.
What is testing?
	The applicatin is working or not based on clients requirement called testing.
What are Software Models?
	There are different SDLC models which are followed during the software development phase.
	Here are some important phases of SDLC :
		Waterfall Model
		RAD Model
		Spiral Model
		V-Model
		Increment Model
		Agile Model
		Iterative Model
		Bigbang Model
What is Waterfall Model?
	It is a continuous software development model in which development is seen as flowing steadily downwards through the steps of requirements analysis, design, development,testing(validation), integration and maintainance.
What is Incremental Model?
	It is not an separate model, it is necessarily a series of waterfall cycles.
	The SDLC process is repeated, with each release adding more functionality until all requirements are met.
What is Agile Model?
	It is the combination of both increment and iterative model.
	In Agile there are some testing methods and the most important method is scrum.
	What is Scrum?
	Scrum is an agile development process focused primarily on ways to manage tasks in team-based development conditions.
	There are three roles in it and their responsibilities are:
		Scrum master : The scrum can setup the master team, arrange the meeting and remove obstacles for the process.
		Product owner:
		Scrum Team: The team manages its work and organizes the work to complete the sprint or cycle.