What are string methods and properties?
	Primitive values cannot have properties or methods because they are not objects.
	But in javascript, methods and properties are also available for primitive values because javascript treats primitive values as objects.
What are extracting string parts?
	There are 3 methods for extracting a part of string:
		slice(start,end)
		substring(start,end)
		substr(start,length)
What is slice() method?
	slice() extracts a part of string and returns the extracted part in new string.
	This method takes 2 parameters: start position and end position(not included).
What is substring() Method?
	Substring() is similar to the slice() method.
	The only difference is that substring() cannot accept negative values.
What is substr() Method?
	Substr() is also similar to slice() Method.
	The difference is that the second parameter specifies the length of the extracted part.
	If the first parameter is negative, then the count starts from the end of the string.
How can we replace string content?
	we can replce a specified value with another value in a string by using replace() method.
	By default, the replace() method replaces only the first match.
	The replace() method is a case sensitive.
How can we replace case insensitive ?
	We can replace case insensitive by using a regular expression with  an /i flag.
How can we replace all matches?
	To replace all matches, use a regular expression with a /g flag.
How can we convert lower to upper case and upper to lower case?
	We can convert a string to upper case with toUpperCase() method.
	And we can convert a string to lower case with tolowercase() method.
What is concat() method?
	The concat() method joins two or more strings.
	The concat() method can be used instead of plus operator, both will do the same.
What is string.trim() method?
	The trim() method removes whitespace from both sides of a string.
What is javascript string padding?
	ECMAScript 2017 added two string methods:
	padStart and padEnd to support padding at the beginning and at the end of the string.
